= remote_system_call

github  :: https://www.github.com/carlosjhr64/remote_system_call

== DESCRIPTION:

Use your N900 to send system calls to your Ubuntu desktop.

Deactivate your screen lock.
Mute your audio.
Have the next song play on Rhythmbox.

This gem uses DRb to allow one to remotely run their choice of
a list of preconfigured system commands. Such as:

   system('rhythmbox-client --play-pause > /dev/null 2>&1 &')

The actual line of code is:

   return 'OK' if system("#{command} > /dev/null 2>&1 &")

You can't run an arbitrary command, though.
The commands are selected from a list in you configuration file, for example:

   "rb:play-pause":  "rhythmbox-client --play-pause",

Although messages are sent in the clear,
messages are signed and timestamped,
making it impossible for anybody without the proper salt and password
to send a valid message.

== SYNOPSIS:

   remote_system_call --help
   remote_system_call --daemon # runs the DRb server
   remote_system_call exit # to ask the DRb server to quit
   remote_system_call commands # list of the available DRb commands

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Signed and timestamped messages with salted password.
* Configurable system calls.

== INSTALL:

I have not published this on rubygems.org.
So you'll need to do this from a git clone.
From your cloned diretory:

   $ gem build ./remote_system_call.gemspec
   $ sudo gem install ./remote_system_call-0.0.0.gem

The code was written in ruby 2, so N900's ruby 1.8 won't run this gem.
But I have a stripped down client in the examples directory.
I setup a home bin directory on the N900 and copy over the script:

   $ scp ./examples/n900client user@where.n900.is:bin/remote_system_call

Once you have a server running on the desktop, copy over the cache files for the connection:

   $ scp ~/.cache/remote_system_call/* user@where.n900.is:.cache/remote_system_call/

And you'll be able to run the client on the N900.
I recommend using Queen Beecon Widget[http://wiki.maemo.org/Queen_BeeCon_Widget].
Give Queen Beecon Widget the following command:

   /home/user/bin/remote_system_call

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 CarlosJHR64

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
